well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're gonna talk about uh
communicating building bridges riding
buses
allies all that stuff we normally talk
about on this channel
we're gonna be a little more specific
about it today and we're gonna talk
about
why we called maxi there's a whole bunch
of people if you haven't watched the
last video
go watch that one before you watch this
there's a whole lot of people
who are asking why would you choose
right now
this moment to highlight this group of
people who
are opposed to biden harris you have
said yourself
that you think it's incredibly important
that trump is defeated at the polls
so why would you showcase them why would
you showcase those ideas
right now when it's so important to be
unified
because i'm watching a lot of democrats
try to reach out to them
try to reach out to the the real
leftists the people who are actually
left not american left
left by international standards the
radical leftists
mexi is a radical leftist
they're trying to reach out by
highlighting biden and harris's
good points that may be
counterproductive
when you actually listen to their
beliefs listen to their ideas
there's not much on the biden harris
ticket for them
there's nothing in addition to the left
and right
which we talk about in the united states
a whole lot there's another axis
there's up and down authoritarian at the
top anti-authoritarian at the bottom
libertarian but if you use that term in
the united states everything goes
sideways
has nothing to do with the libertarian
party
most leftists not all most leftist
especially radical leftists are left
and down so they're anti-capitalist
and anti-authoritarian
the biden harris ticket has nothing for
them
biden even by a democrat's description
is a corporate dem you've heard the term
he's very capitalistic very status quo
harris
is very authoritarian there is
nothing that you're going to be able to
say about the biden harris ticket
that is going to convince radical
leftists that they're good
that's there's no way to get from point
a to point b
on that one there's no bridge that can
be built
and that's the way it's being framed
at the same time when you look in the
comment section
of that last video you will see
democrats referring to these ideas
as idealistic contrary to human nature
a failed system these are all terms you
can find down there
ridiculous understand that the radical
left
views the democratic party platform
the exact same way they view it as a
system that has already failed
so trying to show how
biden is going to uphold that system
that's not going to convince them to
help
at all it's going to have the opposite
effect
you're when you sit there and say well
he's going to do this and do this and
help reform capitalism and all of this
stuff
you're actually turning them further
away
so the idea here if you want to reach
out to this group
if you want to reach out to radical
leftists you cannot frame it as
these are the reasons biden is good
these are the reasons harris is good
you have to frame it in the sense of
harm reduction
biden and harris are less bad
than trump pence that's the only way for
that bridge to get built
and when doing that i would steer clear
of issues
like the economy law enforcement
stuff like that you're not going to find
much common ground
where you might find common ground is
the treatment of marginalized people
and the treatment of workers
specifically workers not the economy as
a whole
but the way the biden administration
might be more favorable to blue collar
workers
those are the bridges that can be built
if you try to
do blue no matter who you have to
understand the radical left they're not
blue they don't align with
democrats because they believe in the
platform
they align with them because they see it
as less harmful
harm reduction that's that's the way
you're going to reach them
aside from that there's a whole bunch of
people saying i don't know where i fall
you know as she went through the various
the various groups
i will tell you that overwhelmingly most
people watching this channel
are social democrats they want
you know everybody to have their base
needs met
they want justice they want equity
equality these things
but they also still support capitalism
to some degree
so you're a social democrat i will also
say that on this channel
the reason you have a wider
spectrum of political beliefs is not the
left right thing which is what we focus
on in america
it's that up down axis almost
everybody who watches this channel
is on the lower axis they're on the
downside they're anti-authoritarian
almost everybody if you watch this
channel and
the ideas of community networking of
getting out there and leading yourself
if these things appeal to you you're on
the lower side
you're anti-authoritarian now how far
down
that varies but there are very very very
few people
who are on the authoritarian side who
watch this channel
so maybe there's a bridge that can be
built
there but with harris on the campaign it
makes it pretty hard
um so
there's the general idea i know that for
a lot of democrats
it was maybe painful to hear
mexi describe it the way she did
but that's how radical leftists view
the democratic party they're not really
allies
they're less harmful so you have to
establish the bus
that everybody's going to get on as
defeating
trump that's it
nothing else you're not going to be able
to appeal to them with biden and
harris's policies
because they don't align they're
contrary
in a lot of ways harm reduction is the
only way to get that bridge built
now i would also point out that by the
democratic party strategy
they want people like mexi out there
talking bad
about biden and harris because of the
more radical leftists who are opposed to
biden and harris
the more comfortable the moderates fill
is it going to work we'll find out
normally i would say no i would
it might work this time because there
are a lot of people who are disaffected
by trump
normally i think this is a bad strategy
not just on an ethical and moral level
i don't think it would work this
election might be different
simply because trump is
such a failure i mean there's no other
way to put it he is so bad
that all the democratic party
may have to do is remove the idea that
they're
socialists and they may pick up a whole
lot
of moderate votes and the reality is
they're not socialist who better to tell
them
that they're not socialist than actual
socialists
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day